chore: Style and SEO updates (#3775)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/api-reference/index.mdx

---

> page_title: CDKTF core library API Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: CDKTF core library API reference
```

description: >-
  Use the CDK for Terraform core library with generated provider bindings to

>   write your CDK for Terraform application. It is available in TypeScript,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  write your CDK for Terraform. The CDK is available in TypeScript,
```

  Python, Java, C#, and Go.
---

> # CDKTF core library API Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# CDKTF core library API reference
```
